# 2.6 Product Website

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Most entrepeneurs or companies create a website to help promote and market new products. Sometimes this is done as a webpage on a crowdfunding website \(such as [Kickstarter](https://www.kickstarter.com/), [Indiegogo](https://www.indiegogo.com/), etc.\). Other times, this is done as a webpage or mini-site on a company website.

Your team will create a one-page product marketing website for your smart device solution, which will include a [product demo video](2.7-product-video.md) that your team will also create. This website will be made **public** to allow more people to learn about your smart device project.

1. Create and/or gather the content \(text, images, video, etc.\) for your team’s product marketing website. Be sure the content is clear, concise, engaging, and professional. Your website should include the following content \(but you can determine the best order – and you can add other content if helpful\):
   * Product Name
   * Value Proposition \(could be shortened into a tagline phrase\)
   * Video demonstrating use of smart device solution
   * Functions and Features \(what can product do & what benefits does it provide\)
   * Tech Specs \(list the inputs, outputs, etc.\)
   * Image\(s\) of smart device prototype
   * Screenshots of functional web app
2. Create a visual design for your team's one-page website that will be engaging, professional, and reinforce your product concept.
   * Generate and sketch possible ideas for the layout of the content on the webpage.
   * Decide on the final website layout, and sketch a mockup of the layout.
   * Decide on the overall style for the website \(such as: fonts, colors, etc.\)
3. Use your content \(text, images, etc.\) and layout mockup to build the website using a tool such as [Google Sites](https://sites.google.com/create?usp=drive_web) \(available within Google Drive – if needed, Google has a [Get Started with Sites](https://gsuite.google.com/learning-center/products/sites/get-started/) guide\) – or code the website using HTML and CSS.
   * Include temporary placeholders for the product demo video and product images \(smart device, web app screenshots\). When the video and product images are ready, add them to the website.

Later, your team will conduct an evaluation of the website by testing it with users. 

In the next phase of the project, you'll test the website with people outside your team to make sure the website is clear and compelling at explaining and marketing your team's solution. 

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit a link to your team's product marketing website for its smart device solution.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}


| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

