# 2.7 Product Video

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Your team will create a **product demo video** that will demonstrate and explain your smart device and its web app. You'll include the video in your team's [product marketing website](2.6-product-website.md).

1. Create a script and [narrative storyboard](https://docs.idew.org/principles-and-practices/practices/design-practices/narrative-storyboards) for your product demo video \(about 1-2 minutes\). As necessary, tailor the video content to your target users, as represented by your team's persona. Be sure the video will be clear, concise, engaging, and professional.
   * For the script, be sure you'll show and explain what the smart device and web app do, as well as the value they provide to users.
   * For the storyboard, decide which [types of camera shots](https://docs.idew.org/principles-and-practices/practices/design-practices/narrative-storyboards#types-of-camera-shots) will be most effective for the different parts or scenes in the video.
2. Use your script and storyboard to practice the video.
   * The person\(s\) that will act and/or narrate should practice what they will do and/or say.
   * The camera person should practice capturing the camera shots using different camera movements \(tilting up or down, panning left or right, zooming in or out, etc.\).
   * If your team can record the final video \(and its audio\) in one continuous take, you'll avoid or minimize the need to edit the video.
3. Record and finalize the video.
   * If necessary, record additional takes.
   * If necessary, edit the video to finalize it \(cut and splice scenes, add titles or captions, add narration or background music, etc.\).
   * Upload the final video to a site \(such as: Google Drive, YouTube, etc.\) that will allow you to embed the video into your team’s product marketing website.

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit a link to your team's product demo video for its smart device solution.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}


| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

