# 1.3 Project Ideas

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Your team will generate possible ideas for a smart device that performs a useful and valuable task. After evaluating and refining the ideas, your team will select one concept for your team’s project.

{% hint style="success" %}
**RECOMMENDATION:** Start your brainstorming by thinking of possible ways to use each part, as well as possible ways to combine different parts to perform some kind of task. For example, how many different ways can you think of to use a light sensor? What other inputs or outputs could be combined with a light sensor to perform some kind of task?
{% endhint %}

1. Each team member should independently generate and record at least 10 possible ideas for tasks that could be performed using one or more parts in the IoT electronics kit.
2. As a team, discuss and refine your ideas to form a numbered list of possible tasks for a smart device. For each idea, discuss the following questions and make any refinements:
   1. Does the idea perform a useful task in an innovative way?
   2. What inputs and outputs from the IoT kit will be used to help perform the task? \(Your team’s smart device must use at least one physical input and at least one physical output from the IoT kit.\)
   3. Are there parts or actions of the smart device that would need to be simulated?
   4. What are some possible ways that the smart device could interact with a web app?
3. Construct a decision matrix to help evaluate your team’s list of ideas by ranking the relative weight of each idea \(from Low to High\) on these two criteria:
   1. **User Value** \(how desirable and valuable would this product likely be to users\)
   2. **Team Interest** \(how much interest do you have in pursuing this as your project\)
4. Use the decision matrix to select one concept for your team’s project.

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit each team member’s initial list of ideas, your team’s combined list of ideas, your team’s decision matrix, and identify the concept selected for your team’s project.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}
Example image
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}
| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

