# 1.4 Competitive Analysis

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Research existing products \(IoT and non-IoT\) that perform similar tasks as your team’s smart device concept. Summarize the features of each competing product, and analyze the competing products to identify opportunities to make your team’s smart device innovative compared to the competition.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**IMPORTANT:** If your research and analysis reveals that your team’s smart device concept will NOT be unique or an improvement over existing solutions, your team may need to select a different concept from your set of project ideas.
{% endhint %}

Gather information that summarizes the following for each competing product:

* What is the product's **name** and its **specific context of use**? \(include product image\)
* What are the **key functions and features** of the product?
* What are the **key parts \(inputs, outputs, etc.\)** that the product uses to perform its tasks?
* Does the product use an **internet or network connection** to send or receive data with apps, databases, or other devices? If so, what functions or features does this provide?
* What are the **pros and cons** \(advantages and disadvantages\) of the product?
* What **information sources** were used in your research? \(include links to sources\)

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit a document or presentation that summarizes each competing product and identifies opportunities for your team’s smart device to be innovative compared to the competition.
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="➤ EXAMPLE" %}

{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}


| **✓- Below Standard** | **✓ Meets Standard** | **✓+ Exceeds Standard** |
| --- | --- |
| Description | Description | Description |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

