# 1.9 Proposal Presentation

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="✓ TASK" %}
Create a slide presentation that summarizes your team’s proposal for a smart device and web app. Practice your presentation before delivering it to your class. This will be an opportunity for other project teams to ask questions and provide constructive feedback to help your team clarify and improve its project concept.

Your team's presentation should briefly summarize \(in this order\):

1. **Project Team:** product name, team name, team members & their roles
2. **Value Proposition:** Be sure the value proposition for your project concept is clear and compelling.
3. **Competitive Analysis:** Briefly describe the examples of competing products & highlight their key strengths and weaknesses. Explain the opportunities your team identified to design a product that is unique or better compared to the competitors.
4. **User Research:** Identify how many people were interviewed and how they were selected. Highlight key aspects of the persona that was created from the interview data, and describe the scenario for the persona.
5. **Design Requirements:** Highlight key requirements for the smart device and web app, and briefly explain how these were influenced by your competitive analysis and user research. In addition, explain the physical input\(s\) and output\(s\) from the IoT kit that will be used to help fulfill the functional requirements for your smart device.
6. **Interaction Storyboard:** Identify the selected task, briefly explain how a user interacts with the web app to complete the task, and identify how the web app will interact with the smart device through the internet.

The presentation should have 6-12 slides and take 5-10 minutes to deliver.

### **❏ Deliverable**

Submit your team’s slide presentation
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="★ RUBRIC" %}


<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>✓- Below Standard</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>✓ Meets Standard</b>
      </th>
      <th style="text-align:left"><b>✓+ Exceeds Standard</b>
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left">
        <p><b>Content:</b> Information presented in a way that is not always clear,
          concise, and logical. The presentation style and selection of material
          is not fully appropriate for the context.</p>
        <p></p>
      </td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Information presented in a clear, concise, and logical manner. The selection
        of material and style is appropriate and effective.</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Exceptionally curated information that is presented in an interesting,
        coherent and memorable way.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td style="text-align:left"><b>Delivery:</b> Eye contact, poise, and appropriate voice-level often
        lacking.</td>
      <td style="text-align:left">Vocal clarity, eye-contact, and physical composure maintained throughout.</td>
      <td
      style="text-align:left">An exceptionally engaging delivery of content lacking unnecessary distractions
        from the content.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

